the toddler in the white coffin was 2
years
old Karam naar escaped from Gaza only to
die in the occupied West
Bank Jihan says he was the son of a
friend and loved him as her own here to
say farewell she says it will take a
miracle to keep her out of the
cemetery for weeks she's been waiting
for cancer treatment despite her
condition deteriorating she's too afraid
to show her face fearing an Israeli
retaliation she was treated in a
Jerusalem hospital that came to an end
when the war started in
October I have nothing to do with what's
happening I need my treatment I have
three children I want to stay alive for
their sake I'm losing time I just want
to go to a hospital in Jordan or in
Jerusalem Israel has restricted medical
permits for Palestinians from Gaza Jihan
included traveling across the border to
Jordan also requires an Israeli permit
some patients have been transferred to
hospitals in the occupied West Bank but
not all treatment is available here some
are telling us their worries have
increased with news of their families
being killed or injured in
Gaza for this mother in ramala no news
is devastating news she came here with
her son for treatment her other son was
injured in Israel's bombardment of Gaza
2 weeks into the
war 13 yearold Anis was at a shifa
hospital until
Saturday I get all my news from the TV I
saw that alifa hospital has been
evacuated how would the road be towards
the South will my son make it will he be
okay is he alive or dead poor network
connections make it difficult to get any
news she has lost all contact with him
we try to call our colleagues reporting
from gaza's hospitals the number you
have can be reached at the moment we
called again okay Anis is nowhere to be
found
yet since the start of the war several
patients who came from Gaza have died in
the occupied West Bank some are buried
here in ramala and unlike many in Gaza
now at least their graves are marked but
their final resting place is far from
home in a place they didn't know in a
graveyard many of the relatives will
never be able to
visit nid ibraim Al jazer the occupied
West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer